Firewall: NAT: Destination NAT: Coexist Destination NAT and Port Forward terminology (#830)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/firewall_settings.rst

    
.. Note::
    * Examine the automatic Reflection rules either in the shell with ``pfctl -s nat`` or in the GUI at :menuselection:`Firewall --> Diagnostics --> Statistics --> rules`.
    * :code:`rdr` means redirection. Redirection rules are :menuselection:`Firewall --> NAT --> Destination NAT (Port Forward)` rules, also known as *Destination NAT*. *Destination NAT* changes the destination IP of a packet.
    * :code:`nat` rules are :menuselection:`Firewall --> NAT --> Outbound` rules, also known as *Source NAT*. *Source NAT* changes the source IP of a packet.
    * *Reflection NAT* is just :code:`rdr`. *Hairpin NAT* is a combination of :code:`rdr` and :code:`nat`.

Reflection for Destination NAT (Port Forward)s
.....................................

> Disabled by default, when enabled the system will generate :code:`rdr` rules to reflect Destination NAT (Port Forward)s on internal interfaces automatically (interfaces without a gateway set).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabled by default, when enabled the system will generate :code:`rdr` rules to reflect Destination NAT (Port Forwards) on internal interfaces automatically (interfaces without a gateway set).
```
